OSDOCS-17170 zero-trust pre-migration work (#104736)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-install-cli.adoc

[id="zero-trust-manager-install-cli_{context}"]
= Installing the {zero-trust-full} by using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the {zero-trust-full} by using the command-line interface (CLI) to create the required project, `OperatorGroup`, and `Subscription` objects. This allows you to deploy the Operator components necessary for managing workload identities on your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the {zero-trust-full} by using the command-line interface (CLI) to create the required project, `OperatorGroup`, and `Subscription` objects. You can then deploy the Operator components necessary for managing workload identities on your {product-title} cluster.
```
we don't use the "allows" pattern; I forget where this guidance is, I think IBM

Author: Done
